f:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalYearProject\FinalYearProject\bin\Windows\Debug\FinalYearProject.exe
f:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalYearProject\FinalYearProject\bin\Windows\Debug\FinalYearProject.pdb
f:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalYearProject\FinalYearProject\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
f:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalYearProject\FinalYearProject\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
f:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalYearProject\FinalYearProject\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
f:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalYearProject\FinalYearProject\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
f:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalYearProject\FinalYearProject\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
f:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalYearProject\FinalYearProject\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
f:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalYearProject\FinalYearProject\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
f:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalYearProject\FinalYearProject\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
f:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalYearProject\FinalYearProject\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
f:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalYearProject\FinalYearProject\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
f:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalYearProject\FinalYearProject\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
f:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalYearProject\FinalYearProject\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
f:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalYearProject\FinalYearProject\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
f:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalYearProject\FinalYearProject\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
f:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalYearProject\FinalYearProject\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
f:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalYearProject\FinalYearProject\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
f:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalYearProject\FinalYearProject\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
f:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalYearProject\FinalYearProject\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
f:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalYearProject\FinalYearProject\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
f:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalYearProject\FinalYearProject\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
f:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalYearProject\FinalYearProject\obj\x86\Debug\FinalYearProject.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
f:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalYearProject\FinalYearProject\obj\x86\Debug\FinalYearProject.exe
f:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalYearProject\FinalYearProject\obj\x86\Debug\FinalYearProject.pdb
f:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinalYearProject\FinalYearProject\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\board.png
F:\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FinalYearProject\FinalYearProject\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\cards\1\1.png
F:\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FinalYearProject\FinalYearProject\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\cards\1\2.png
F:\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FinalYearProject\FinalYearProject\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\cards\1\3.png
F:\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FinalYearProject\FinalYearProject\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\cards\1\4.png
F:\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FinalYearProject\FinalYearProject\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\cards\2\4.png
F:\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FinalYearProject\FinalYearProject\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\cards\2\5.png
F:\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FinalYearProject\FinalYearProject\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\cards\2\6.png
F:\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FinalYearProject\FinalYearProject\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\cards\2\7.png
F:\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FinalYearProject\FinalYearProject\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\cards\3\10.png
F:\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FinalYearProject\FinalYearProject\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\cards\3\11.png
F:\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FinalYearProject\FinalYearProject\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\cards\3\8.png
F:\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FinalYearProject\FinalYearProject\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\cards\3\9.png
F:\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FinalYearProject\FinalYearProject\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\cards\card-holder.png
F:\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FinalYearProject\FinalYearProject\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\fonts\arial-16.xnb
F:\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FinalYearProject\FinalYearProject\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\arial-16.xnb
